## 12.16.20 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Tony Fast @tonyfast
- Jason Grout @jasongrout
- Gonzalo PeÃ±a-Castellanos @goanpeca
- Martha Cryan @marthacryan
- Sam Kacer @SamKacer
- Thomas @manfromjupyter
- Alex @ajbozarth
- Max @telamonian
- Isabela @isabela-pf

### Notes

- This is the [project for tracking accessibility
  work](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1). We are still
  figuring out permissions, and this is a work in progress pulling
  over the past triaging work. When 3.0 is out, we want to convert
  the cards into a concrete road map.
- Recommended resource [WAI ARIA authoring practices](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/)
- Thomas thinks there are a magic few lines of code that would be
  easy to get in JupyterLab before 3.0 and could make a big difference.
  Posted (and linked above) at [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  (formerly team-compass #114).

These discussions have identified four main accessibility needs
for JupyterLab (can probably be extended to other Jupyter projects
too)

- Making JupyterLab accessible for a read-only type experience
  - This is the focus of the report on [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
- Making JupyterLab accessible for an interacting/coding experience
- Adding JupyterLab docs for accessibility features
  - Sam gave an anecdote about help pages in docs that lists
    help and resources for screen reader users.
- Adding CI or relevant accessibility tests to the JupyterLab
  contributing workflow ensure accessibility remains a priority - Referenced pydata-sphinx-theme [#292](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pydata-sphinx-theme/issues/292)
  and https://github.com/pandas-dev/pydata-sphinx-theme/runs/1507397117?check_suite_focus=true - nteract has some kind of accessibility CI they use
  (probably focused on react)

#### JupyterLab Code Editor

Our main focus today is the accessibility of JupyterLab's code
editor as discussed in [#4878](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/4878)
and the comments of [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399).

- What steps do we want to take?

  - We will be shipping jupyterlab 3 before the end of the year.
    Changing the default editor would be difficult before 4.0
    because of the number of things that have started to rely on
    CodeMirror.
  - Start with an extension based approach. To take action now
    and eventually fit it in to the release cycle as a part of core.
  - What editor should we start working with?
    - Sam confirms codemirror 6 is working better so far,
      especially better than we have now.
    - Based on the [JupyterLab Monaco Plugin](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-monaco),
      is it possible/relatively simple thing to bring that up to
      date and test how it would work with the editor now.
    - Sam still prefers monaco based on current usage.

- Where does this fit on our priority list/who can work on this?
  One potential path: 1. Get monaco editor extension up to date. 2. Review how that works with screen readers in JLab now. 3. Set up a way to quickly and easily install the extension
  (link for screen readers at top of JupyterLab?) and immediately
  use it to test screen reader accessibility in JupyterLab. 4. Prepare the extension to be a part of core JupyterLab for
  the next release.

- Sam's next priority (after editor) would be the toolbar

  - Needs to conform to what user expect for menu bar interactions
    - Examples: alt focuses menu bar, move between top items
      with arrow keys.
  - Elements of the menu bar to be marked up with ARIA so it can
    be communicated via screen reader - This is brought up as a part of [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)

- Jupyter Notebook is just a little more accessible than Lab. "Like
  you get in a car and everything is backwards."

#### Agenda items not yet covered

- is this closed? can someone audit it? https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/6575
  - https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/6359
- some old audits
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oSHOqmtua_3vdoJddvo4u3na71cIZlpEgP73w-0uXFU/edit#heading=h.umcyl9debp28
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RWEtBtXEF5vQf_vJzqtGWnPbT0VZI_RZ_H7RWHmgyGs/edit#gid=0
- Should these minutes be somewhere besides one long issue? Could
  the jupyter/accessibility repo (or another repo) hold minutes in
  a way that allows for more organization?
- Agenda item from Chris Holdgraf (Did Max mention they had already
  been discussing this?)
  > 1. Don't forget that we have a little bit of funding from
  >    Bloomberg to run some kind of event around accessibility. I'm not
  >    sure how much flexibility we have with it, but perhaps it is worth
  >    discussing if / how this funding could be useful in a future meeting?
- how should we handle touch events re accessibility?
  - PR for manually converting some touch events to mouse events
    - https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/123

#### Next Steps

- Continue moving past triage work to the [project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1)
  for tracking (Isabela)
- Follow up on necessary ARIA roles JupyterLab needs (a [lumino PR](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/131/files)
  already started labeling) (Martha)
- Make issue about menu bar focus (no assignment?)
- Update [Monaco plugin](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-monaco)
  for 3.0 (Max post-3.0)
- 3.0 Release! (Jason and Max)
- Review Max's PR (Martha)
- Reach out to accessibility experts we've met with before (Isabela)
- Check the status of [#6575](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/6575) (Isabela)
