## 10.21.20 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

Max @telamonian
Isabela @isabela-pf
Martha @marthacryan
Alex @ajbozarth
Jason Grout @jasongrout

### Notes

#### Logistic check in

- Does this time seem like it will keep working? Yes.
- If so I’d rather schedule it further out and add it somewhere
  more public so people can drop in. I can bring this up in JLab
  team meeting too, if so.

#### Proposed Goals

We'd like to propose concrete accessibility goals would be so that
we can organize it into JupyterLab's release cycle and encourage
people to focus on them. These are some ideas of where to start.

- Max brought up screen readers. Find most common and start from
  that paradigm.
  - discussion on github: https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/14
- Keyboard accessibility.
- Closing accessibility issues that already exist. There's already
  been work pointing out some of the issues (like here
  https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+web4all)
- Can we produce guidelines/docs/resources (or something similar)?
  This might help other people get involved and make the effort more
  sustainable.
- Creating an actionable plan and possibly getting some grant
  money/full time help

#### What are people working on?

Isabela

- Reached out to Tania Allard and Chris Holdgraf. They made point
  to keep all discussions online, so there shouldn’t be anything we
  are missing. Haven’t heard from Tania. This just means I’m trying
  to collect and understand what has already happened so we don’t
  redo or overlook existing work.
- Here’s some common places these discussions live (in Jupyter):
  - Jupyter Discourse accessibility Category https://discourse.jupyter.org/c/special-topics/accessibility/29
  - Jupyter accessibility repo https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility
  - JupyterLab accessibility issue label https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Atag%3AAccessibility
  - Jupyter Notebook accessibility issue label https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/labels/tag%3AAccessibility
  - JupyterHub accessibility issue label https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub/labels/accessibility
- Accessibility resource doc. WIP. Please feel free to add so we can
  help each other learn. Don’t let it get in the way of doing other
  work, but add as you find useful things. https://docs.google.com/document/d/12cusZV0j91yZTty_BQndorwTIgRloKR7WEWP2aGNp5A/edit?usp=sharing

#### Next steps

- Install NVDA or JAWS and gain familiarity with screen readers
  in general as well as JupyterLab
- Isabela needs to triage existing JupyterLab issues so we can
  assign/move forward with them
- Try and reconvene hackathon group to make sure we are understanding
  the same issues and have proper context to move forward and not
  repeat work that's already been started.
- Explore Phosphor and Lumino accessibility issues and PRs. This
  might be the metaphorical root of a lot of our problems. - Big PRs in the DOM and menu system that started but did not
  get finished
- Look for grants for funding a full-time accessibility dev
- Schedule meeting with Jason catching us up on work that's been
  done in Phosphor
- Explore Firefox accessibility tools. They've been recommended
  as a good starting point.
