## 7.13.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Tony - QLabs
- Balaji - Berkeley
- Ryan - Berkeley
- Allison - Berkeley
- Paul - Berkeley
- Sean - Berkeley
- Tania - QLabs
- Gabriel - QLabs
- Richard - Berkeley
- Isabela - QLabs

### What are people working on?

- Quick updates
  - Circle back on next steps for our subproject status: probably a council
  - Theming status - JLab 3.4.3 under review based on [this draft criteria](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessibility/pull/9/files#diff-ae9e4a46a307e3234480f0684742137952fb1d181184643f8c52753f5f8579e1)
- Questions about JupyterLab accessibility status for use at UC Berkeley.
  - JupyterLab as a part of DataHub, needs to be accessible.
  - Interest in WCAG 2.0 AA alignment and figuring out how to collaborate.
  - If we do an audit now, can we show by [timeline is unclear]
  - Short term: classes deploying this before the end of the year
  - Long term: how do we sustain this work and these changes to avoid regression and ensure a solid experience.
  - [New campus committee will focus on digital accessibility - Berkeley News](https://news.berkeley.edu/2022/07/11/new-campus-committee-will-focus-on-digital-accessibility/)
  - [About Accessibility in Learning Tools - Berkeley Research, Teaching, and Learning](https://rtl.berkeley.edu)
  - [ARC Toolkit - TPGi](https://www.tpgi.com/arc-platform/arc-toolkit/)
  - [Tenon](https://tenon.io/)
  - [berkeley-dsep-infra/datahub image requirements](https://github.com/berkeley-dsep-infra/datahub/blob/staging/deployments/datahub/images/default/requirements.txt)

### Next steps

- Update meeting notes in jupyter/accessibility (Isabela)
- Bring up statement work with main JupyterLab team (Isabela)
- Follow up on subproject next steps (Isabela)
  - (+1 Nikhil - would love to learn more!)
