## November 16 2022
    
### Attendees

- Darian
- Gabriel
- Stephannie
- Isabela
- Tania
- Mark
- Detroit
- Ryan
- tf
- Sylvain
- Ely

### Agenda

- Special guest appearance: Katie
[name=Tania]- Since Darian mentioned an audit (potential) it would be definitely good to keep in sync and find a way to standardise our auditing processes in Jupyter-world

- Isabela
    - Update on Space Telescope [user testing results](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/blob/main/user-tests/1-navigation/results.md). We have more complete takeaways from the first round of tests. If there's any interest in me sharing the results or answering questions, let me know!
    - For desired reflow in JupyterLab, please feel free to weigh in on [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #10004](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/10004#issuecomment-1276957564). I'm trying to keep this moving forward and would like if we can get to a decided direction.
    - Regarding reflow Darian/Sylvain does any of you have ideas/suggestions on moving this forward and help land on a decision/path forward
        - [name=Gabriel] In response to this question, there was discussion and questions around Notebook 7 vs JupyterLab
- Sylvain
    - Notebook v7 audit by Balaji at UC Berkeley
