## December 14 2022

### Attendees

- Min
- Darian
- Ryan
- tonyfast
- Blessing Ogoh
- Gabriel
- Isabela

## Agenda 

- Isabela
    - Calendar check. Is this our last meeting of the year?
        - [name=Gabriel] FYI, the JupyterLab team meeting on Dec 28 that precedes this one was cancelled.
    - Want to fix the broken link to our old meeting notes? Help with [jupyter/accessibility #113](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/113) is welcome!
        - [name=Min] my first accessibility PR! https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/115
    - I want to review and (if needed) update the [accessibility project board](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1) soon. Is anyone interested in giving this a review as well? We can split issues up to save time.

- Gabriel
    - In the meeting before this one, Florence from QuantStack demo'd a JupyterLab extension to edit the look and feel of JupyterLab.
    - [name=Ryan] Sounds like it could lead to accessible themes or maybe more accessible defaults
    - [name=Gabriel] Yes! but for me the key thing that interests me here in terms of accessibility for end users is empowering end users to customize the UI to their particular accessibility needs (high contrast, color blindness, large font, etc.)

- Min
    - Connecting Blessing, Outreachy intern working on accessibility in JupyterHub
    - Authentication, Spawning, Admin pages
    - Wave exposing existing color/contrast issues
        - How to make intentional design decisions 

- Darian
    - Wanted to open a PR against @steff456's [Lumino PR for collapsing menus](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/489)

- tony
    - Progress on navigating static notebooks after a recent round of tests.
