## 11.04.20 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

Martha @marthacryan
Max @telamonian
Alex @ajbozarth
Jason @jasongrout
Isabela @isabela-pf

### Notes

If needed, recap/point to the notes and resources for our Phosphor
PR meeting last Monday for people who weren't able to make it.

- Covered what decisions were made and our current goals (transfer
  the problems we already know about in Phosphor to Lumino and finish
  off what was originally Hack4All work).

Are these meetings something we'd want to have on the Jupyter
community calendar?

- Yes! It will be brought up in next week's JupyterLab team meeting
  for approval/necessary steps.

- Need to see if we can find or get data on what developers who use
  screen readers use in terms of OS

#### What are people working on?

- Martha: [#129](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/129) -
  Moved PR from phosphor to lumino, reviewers?
- Gonzalo: Following up on Phosphor tutorial videos. Confirmed we
  can repost them, but need to get license. - Also need a PR for Lumino docs once the videos get set up.

#### Next Steps

- Alex: Review [#129](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/129)
  Add isToggleable command state.
- Gonzalo: Get final info about reposting Phosphot tutorial videos
  for Lumino docs
- Isabela: Move Phosphor issues to Lumino. Also consolidate issues
  from other repos where relevant so we don't have to look for issues
  across as many repos anymore.
- Goal
  - Once those three Phosphor PRs are fully up and ready to be
    reviewed/merged, then we can reach out to experts to talk more.
  - Potentially asking for a meeting where we watch experts
    test PRs so we can learn how to better test too (and not just
    rely on them).
