## 12.30.20 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Gonzalo @goanpeca
- Tony @tonyfast
- Thomas @manfromjupyter
- Isabela @isabela-pf

### Notes

- From JupyterLab Team meeting 12.23.20 discussion

  - > Is single-document mode the more accessible UI? [compared
    >
    > > to JupyterLab default]
  - Thomas says Classic is better, but since that's not being
    updated we need to keep it relevant
  - Can't move tabs on a screen reader
  - Focus on navbar and notebook. Will this help make jupyterlab
    and classic accessible together?
  - Having less things on screen could be helpful because it
    means you can focus on having those things being navigable,
    but it also can risk hiding functions and making things less
    usable.
  - jaws, nvda, focus on low vision ambulatory users because at
    the moment things are completely inaccessible to blind users
    and will keep being so until we fix these needs first.
  - project manager to get different places. need a foundation.
  - Can't currently evaluate JLab well because you can't even
    navigate it right now. Keyboard accessibility and tab order
    are key place to start.

- Agenda item from Chris Holdgraf: "Don't forget that we have a
  little bit of funding from Bloomberg to run some kind of event
  around accessibility." - We agreed that we need to follow up on how much money this is
  to know what we want to do with it. - Parts of the work might be good/more contained project that
  we can get funding for. Maybe the accessible editor is an option?
- What's the strategy?

  - Thomas would like to see all [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
    and [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
    in next six months. These issues make JupyterLab
    navigable/readable so that it can be more finely evaluated and
    so that you can even reach the editor experience.
  - Currently can't create new notebooks, or change kernel with
    keyboard alone?
  - 6 months: everyone but blind users can use jupyter
  - 12 months: everyone can use JupyterLab
  - Can we convince people to act by framing some of these
    things as helping multiple problems (like a better mobile
    experience)?
  - Would not recommend splitting the team up because we don't
    have a lot of people who have an accessibility background, so
    it might be best to keep our knowledge together.

- Goals for next JupyterLab release? What would we want to
  prioritize? - We think we can do it without formally being a part of
  the release schedule. See above for priorities. - Do the work, show it, and it is usually easier to get
  it incorporated.

### Next steps

- Mark which things are we looking to work on first and make
  sure they are ready to be assigned next meeting (Isabela).
- Look into having regular sprints or other group times to
  work so we can help learn from each other.
- Have a happy new year!
