## 07.28.21 Meeting Minutes 

### Attendees
- Tony
- Isabela
- Martha
- Carlos
- Jessica

### What are people working on?
- Martha
    - Merged [jupyterlab/lumino #187](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/187) :tada: 
    - Looking for next thing to work on!
        - Maybe the next step for skiplink to make there by a list of skiplinks for the different areas. Most recent [skiplink PR](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/10535)
- Carlos
    - Curious about what is happening here!
    - We talked about testing some. Maybe recording and comparing videos might help for tracking interactions and avoiding accessibility regressions.
    - Playwright? [blog post](https://www.yunier.dev/2021-03-13-accessibility-testing-with-playwright/)
    - How can we support projects 
- Isabela
    - and Tony: Jupyter accessibility workshop. You can [track the work here](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops).
    - [Notes from the test sprint on July 21](https://hackmd.io/GifZ-RJZR2uXWx5ETcuXEg)
    - Very work-in-progress [alt text guide/review checklist](https://hackmd.io/bkAOZc9wTG6iRMBvaP745Q) based on feedback. Hopefully this can go to many projects once we have a working draft.
    - We are supposed to be hearing back about the CZI grant soon.
    - Binder isn't blocking providers anymore (issue [#1828](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues/1828)). Hooray!
- Jessica
    - Curious about intersection of accssibility & internationalization effort i.e alt text in non-English?

### Next steps
- Review [jupyterlab #8832](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8832) and [jupyterlab #1008](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/1008) for next steps on color contrast (Isabela)
- Test documentation sprint with NumPy on July 28 (Tony and Isabela) (and anyone else who wants to join!)