## 10.20.21
### Attendees
- Tony
- Jessica
- Nick
- Mike
- Karolina
- Martha
- Jenn
- Ely
- Isabela

### What are people working on?
- Isabela
    - Jupyter accessibility workshops are going through budget approvals now. That's where I'll be halfway through our meeting today.
    - October 25 I will have someone starting with development time devoted to JupyterLab accessibility. Yay! You'll get to meet them soon. (This is made possible by the [CZI EOSS grant](https://blog.jupyter.org/czi-awards-three-eoss-grants-to-jupyter-community-members-6aef43bd9468))
    - This also means I'll have devoted time for accessibility again, so this will help me go back to making contributions.

- Jenn
    - funding question
    - needs to be scoped
    - can have external partners
    - needs follow up

- Mike: just highlighting file system review in https://github.com/jupyterlab/design
    - Extensions and accessibility assessment. Are extensions in the JupyterLab organization the next step?
    - is there an accessibility repo?
      - there is https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1
      - but no repo as for today
      - might be worth to have a repo with acessibility team-compas and to upload artifacts (slides/notes/recommendations) and link to these notes

### Next Steps
- Follow up with Jenn about funding (Isabela+)