## 01.13.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

Max @telamonian
Thomas @manfromjupyter
Martha @marthacryan
Jason @jasongrout
Tony @tonyfast
Isabela @isabela-pf
Darian @afshin  
Alex @ajbozarth

Happy new year!

Hooray for JupyterLab 3.0! Congrats and kudos who everyone who
worked hard on it.

### What are people working on?

Go around the meeting area and ask.

- Martha

  - [#149](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/149) -
    Realized I needed to add more to lumino and not jupyter lab
    for the toggleable stuff
  - Tota11y toolbar (recommended by Thomas) is a potential tool
    for testing this.
  - https://khan.github.io/tota11y/
  - How does a labeling something as a checkbox with ARIA roles
    differ from using a true HTML checkbox? Using HTML as intended
    usually works better, and screen readers will comment which
    one it is.

- Tony

  - Needs help with setting up linked lumino JLab set up to test
    the work around roles that need to be assigned in lumino.
  - Everytime you make a change in lumino, rebuild lumino before
    JLab.
  - Going through [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  - Interest in creating a binder that also reflects changes in
    Lumino to help each other testing all these things.
  - Other times to pair program on this?

- Max

  - how to work on both lumino and JLab at once: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/blob/master/docs/source/developer/contributing.rst#testing-changes-to-external-packages
  - in progress lumino PR for ARIA roles for tabs: https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/132
  - Martha may review?

- Thomas

  - Willing to provide support.
  - Posted https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/98#issuecomment-752748519
    (thank you!)
  - If someone wants something to do that won’t step on other
    people’s toes, lot of elements need either to be hidden or
    revealed. Card: https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1#card-50646346
    as part of #9399. I included a bunch of screenshots if you wanted to started working through it or section by section? https://imgur.com/a/6HvOcYK

- Isabela

  - WIP color contrast at [#8832](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8832)
    and related PR [#9335](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9335).
    Will help address sections of [#911](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/911)
    and [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
    (since both note color contrast concerns).

- Jason: not actively working on something here specifically, but
  still available for questions and discussion

- Alex and Darian: not actively working on something here, but want
  to keep track and stay part of the discussion.

### What we need to work on

We need to take stock of what's being worked on and split up the
work we know we need to do.

- Here is [the project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1)
  for tracking accessibility (should have all issues and PRs we know
  of)(can be reorganized if we have different needs for sorting).
- First priorities include:
- [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  This will make it possible to evaluate JupyterLab with a screenreader
  so we can both be aware of more problems and actually check that
  fixes are working.
- [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
  (broken up into steps on the project, click on card to make issue
  when we are ready to work on it). WCAG 2.1 specifications.
- Editor? Is [#4878](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/4878)
  a first priority right now?
- Right to left (RTL) language support?
  - We will likely be working in areas where these changes need
    to be made for labeling reasons, so we may want to see if we
    can include this support at the same time. Especially now that
    we have RTL language transalations for JLab to test it with
    (Gonzalo knows more). More info in issues [#3046](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/3046)
    and [#1163](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/1163).

### Other Notes

- Feedback on accessibility event funding.
  - Update: Probably shouldn't rely on it. It's status isn't
    certain with the pandemic.
