## 06.16.21 Meeting Minutes 

### Attendees
- Oops! No one signed in.

### What are people working on?
- Isabela
    - [#10146](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/10146) was merged! This made some color contrast fixes to the filebrowser and command palette. 
    - There are still more to-do fixes on the [issue it draws from](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8832). Has anyone worked on/know where the various search UIs (in the file browser, command palette, and/or extensions) are in the code base?
    - I'm going to the BinderHub team meeting later today to follow up on the AWS blocking and get request a long-term solution.
    - [Accessibility workshop](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/43) follow up! We are aiming to have an event by late August/early September.
    - Someone pointed me to W3C's [Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/atag/). Passing it on.
- Kevin and Cameron
    - Accessibility considerations in RTC commenting?