## 6.15.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Tony
- Gabriel
- Mike
- Adam
- Martha
- Isabela

### What are people working on

- Tony
    - Help using the extension cookiecutter
- Isabela
    - [Jupyter accessibility's governance status has changed](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/pull/129). Hooray and thanks for y'all's help! We're a subproject!
    - Testing updates. I want to share the [manual testing script work and template for feedback](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/95).
    - [JupyterLab accessibility statement](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessibility/pull/3). I'd like to go over and request feedback on this proposal statement. It'd also be good to think about how we propose this to JupyterLab.

### Next steps

- Follow up on subproject set up (Isabela)