## 2.09.22 Meeting Minutes 

### Attendees
- Nick
- Tony
- Martha
- Ely
- Frederic
- Thomas
- Chadi
- Isabela

### What are people working on

- Chadi
    - Interest in being assigned from existing issues
    - nick: ipywidgets needs love. probably no existing issues, needs the audit and issue authoring. "there are definitely some ambulatory items on some of the custom controls"

- Thomas
    - "When is Jupyter Classic going away?"
        - Tony replies with the related Juypyter Enhancement Proposal
        - https://jupyter.org/enhancement-proposals/79-notebook-v7/notebook-v7.html
    - Who's working on the grant now
        - Gabriel (not in meeting today) is the person you want to meet. He's been working on testing at [jupyter/accessibility](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/)
    - What's been happening?
        - [stylelint PR may be a start to getting this testable](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/11993)

- Frederic
    - [jupyter-ui-toolkit](https://jupyterlab-contrib.github.io/jupyter-ui-toolkit) update
    - Intent of making all components in JupyterLab more accessible from their foundation rather than only remediation of existing.
    - This has ties to [[WIP] JEP for React.js at Jupyter datalayer/jupyter-react#9](https://github.com/datalayer/jupyter-react/issues/9).

- Tony 
    - We need to have some testing notebooks for manual testing. Any thoughts on things/content types we need to make sure to include?
        - Ely: Errors!
        - Nick: the smallest elements, input/output (not even cells). something like [the work at jtpio/replite](https://github.com/jtpio/replite)
        - Nick: run-only experience

- Isabela: Jupyter accessibility workshops in January (summary)
    - Sprint had two alt text PRs come out of it. [Jupyter.org alt text was merged](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter.github.io/pull/680). [Project Jupyter documentation PR could use review](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/pull/607)
- Isabela: Jupyter accessibility workshops in March!
    - Draft sprint topic is on auditing. Is there anything specific you'd all like to have covered? Are there any projects you'd like to propose we use for the sprint?