## 4.6.22 Meeting Minutes 

### Attendees

- Frederic
- Nick
- Jason
- Darian
- Martha
- Ely
- Gabriel
- Mike
- Preston
- Tom
- Rohit
- Pooja
- Isabela

### What are people working on?

- Preston
    - Contributing guide questions https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/47
    - Should this be specific to the repo (not general jupyter contrib)
    - CI. what's the status (based on jupyterlab benchmarks repo)
    - things that don't exist (another issue or what's happening?)
    - Follow up on issue with some of these specifics.

- Tom
    - Has there been a date announced for when support for classic Notebook (as it is now) ends? This has to do with Notebook 7 release work.
    - goal is to only support two versions simultaneously
    - nbclassic package (notebook 6 ui written as jupyter server extension)
    - https://github.com/jupyter/notebook-team-compass/issues/5#issuecomment-1085254000
    - support for extension updates is a priority

- Gabriel
    - :tada: Not much to discuss, but I put up my first JupyterLab PR: [Add checkboxes to file browser #12299](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/12299). 
        - Small accessibility win; hopefully will lead to more

- Darian
    - Governance question re: [Working Group and Subproject brought up by Tania](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/issues/124)

- Isabela
    - Open question from me, what do you all want me to work on next?
        - From notebook call: nbgrader importance; could use my attention
        - "It just can't be worse than the existing nbgrader" :laughing: 
    - If nothing else, can we go through the [JupyterLab accessibility project board?](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1)
    - tag people not necessarily accessibility involved if they know what's up
    - ask it in jupyterlab 

### Next steps

- Follow up on accessibility fixes survey/feedback request (Isabela to Mike)
- Follow up with Tania about last meeting's governance discussion (Isabela to Tania)
- Three options for governance next steps and have people involved come to consensus (Isabela to create and tag people)