## 9.07.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Darian
- Ryan
- Gabriel
- Martha
- Isabela
- Ely

### Agenda

- How do we want to set up the council? Background: the [governance bootstrapping docs](https://jupyter.org/governance/decision_making.html) don't account for the fact that we became a software project later and did not have existing steering council members to start our council process. We also need to have a council soon to nominate our representative to the new SSC soon.
    - Some options to create the starter group:
        - Add who has already voted in our most recent votes as the starter group.
        - Add whoever is in the GitHub organization as the starter group.
        - Add meeting attendees over a certain list of recent months as the starter group.
            - Maybe a number of regular attendance? But this shouldn't be the only thing because there are many valuable asynch contributions.
        - Darian: "has attended x number of times out of y number last meetings OR has voted in https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/81"
    - More setting up council to dos:
        - Council team compass
        - Github team
        - Mailing list (if wanted)
        - SSC representative
        - two-factor authentication
- Isabela
    - Reflow and Lumino?

### Next steps
- Isabela to set up starter group list for the council. Reach out to list of individuals.
- Isabela to post an issue about how we determine this starter group for transparency.
- Add PR to jupyter/accessibility when this starter group is formed. Then we can have the discussion about where things go without blocking this process.