## 6.1.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Tony
- Mike
- Ely
- Gabriela
- Isabela
- Nikhil

### What are people working on?

- Intros for newcomers!
- Tony
    - [jupyter/accessibility #90](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/90) automated accessibility testing efforts
        - [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core/) test suite
        - Run axe-core tests against JupyterLab in GitHub Actions
        - Will help support user stories for testing in [quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/discussions/122](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/discussions/122)
    - Automated testing is known to catch only a percentage of known accessibility problems (usually WCAG, which is the minimum itself). How/are there plans to include disabled user testing?
        - Because of open source we need solutions that aren't only tied to people (espcially individuals). But we also agree we need this input. It's been a combo of getting funding (to pay people for their expertise) and some parts of JupyterLab are so inaccessible that we need to fix areas before we can get good feedback.
        - How does this fit with the extension-cookiecutter?
- Voice navigation in JupyterLab?
    - Where to start? Has there been existing work? Not as far as anyone here knows.
    - Having semantic HTML is probably the start, though, because it would allow other tools to hook into JupyterLab well.
    - Some resources on how this work might need to behave: [Browsing with assistive tech - Tetralogical](https://tetralogical.com/blog/2021/12/24/browsing-with-assistive-technology-videos)
- Workshops mentioned in Lab call?
    - There's no current plan from anyone here to submit for the next Community Workshop proposal cycle.

### Next steps