## 3.23.22

## Attendees

- Mike
- Ely
- Martha
- Jenn
- Gabriel
- Tania
- Isabela

## Agenda

Jupyter accessibility workshop resources! (First two events are up, but the last ones are pending. They will all link here.) [Jupyter accessibility workshops repo](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops/tree/main/events)

Mike:
- progressbar aria https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/12238
    - An addition based on review on a prior pull request.
    - This is something worth testing! Open invite for people to give it a try.
    - Prompted a discussion around what/how can we test these things going forward. Do we have several accessibility fixes we'd like tested where it's worth actively reaching out to people?
    - Similar, but separate from discussion around regular user feedback surveys timed with JupyterLab releases.

Tania:
Jupyter governance and jupyter/accessibility. A discussion around what's happening and where the community thinks we belong!
- The initial proposal:[jupyter/governance #121 Standing Committees and Working Groups PR](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/pull/121)
- Further discussion: [jupyter/governance #124 [Proposal] - add jupyter/accessibility as a software sub-project](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/issues/124)
- :pencil: [Future governance Software Steering Council](https://jupyter.org/governance/software_steering_council.html) roles and responsibilities
- Questions to pass over to the governance body:
    - What are the criteria under which the WG's might or not get voting rights?
    - Same but for continued vote/existence?
- Pros and cons of each level. Summary is that it seems like there's more pros and no real cons on being a software project (long term). 

## Next steps

- **TODO**: open an issue on jupyter/accessibility and use it as a RFD (request for discussion)/lazy voting and revisit in 2-4 weeks?
- Isabela to follow up with Mike on asking the community for feedback on existing accessibility fixes.