## 5.04.22 Meeting Minutes 

### Attendees

- Martha
- Isabela
- Gabriel

### What are people working on?

- Isabela
    - Governance follow up. We voted at [jupyter/accessibility #81](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/81). Isabela needs to know how to move this forward.
    - Testing updates! We're at the foundation level now, but thoughts on prioirities are welcome.
        - Feedback: documentation is the most valuable thing! 
        - Mentioned links: [Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt #95 Scoping automated testing comment](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/95#issuecomment-1112427588) and [jupyter/accessibility #74 past draft PR for axe-core testing](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/74).

### Next steps

- The dream: updated galata documentation.ðŸ˜Š
- Follow up about governance status (Isabela)