## 05.05.21 Meeting Minutes
### Attendees
- Max
- Tony
- Isabela
- MJ

### What are people working on?
- MJ
    - Looking for review on [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #10126](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/10126), a pull request to address `skiplink` needs discussed at [#9688](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9688).
    - Martha and Max followed up, thank you!
    - It seems like a suggestion may have broken the implementation, so we are trying to get it working again.
- Isabela
    - Still focusing mainly on grant writing.
    - Haven't gotten to work on the draft color contrast PR at [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #10146](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/10146).
- Tony
    - How do we keep up community momentum?

### Next Steps
- Changes to get skiplink merged
- Grant writing update and public review