## 01.27.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

(oops! No one signed in today so I gave my best guess.)
Max @telamonian
Thomas @manfromjupyter
Martha @marthacryan
Jason @jasongrout
Tony @tonyfast
Alex @ajbozarth
Karla @karlasupldaro
Isabela @isabela-pf

### What are people working on?

- How is everyone doing?
  - Come up with different intro questions :upside_down_face:
- Does it make sense to have these meeting notes documented
  outside an issue? I think there's enough content there that
  it's hard to navigate if you aren't just looking for the first
  or last comment. - Yes! Let's propose a place in the Jupyter accessibility repo.
- Can we make an issue about adding accessibility tests to the
  JupyterLab development process? - I was reminded by the discussion started on [JupyterLab
  Classic #80](https://github.com/jtpio/jupyterlab-classic/issues/80). - I've also listed some existing tests. We should review
  these to see if they could work or give us a baseline for
  working with lumino or jupyterlab components. - [squizlabs / HTML_CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/HTML_CodeSniffer) - IBM's [accessibility-checker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/accessibility-checker) - [AccessLint / accesslint.js](https://github.com/AccessLint/accesslint.js) - [pa11y / pa11y](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y-ci) - [dequelabs / axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core)
- Should we also make an issue reminding us to make accessibility
  docs as we make all the WCAG and other changes?
- Check in! In the JLab team meeting, we have accessibility listed
  as an issue people are working on within the JLab 4.0 timeline.
  What scope do we want to report? Are we working on [#9339](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
  and [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  only right now, or is someone planning to work on the editor? - [#9339](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
  and [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  for sure. Editor changes are still being researched so mark it
  as possible but uncertain.
- Max started working on [#9491](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9491)
  - Probably JupyterLab and not lumino level fixes.
- Martha
  - [#9622](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9622)
    blocked by small translation issue
  - Needs review or advice how to proceed.
  - Otherwise ready to merge (Thomas tested it!)
  - [#149](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/149) Merged!
- Tony
  - [#9648](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9648)
  - With Max's PR, this should cover #9491!
  - Tony's PR should cover all landmarks.
  - Only thing left is making it so screen readers can access
    those different labels.
  - How does this interact with JLab themes? We need to test
    what this PR means visually.

### Other Notes

- Spatial experience and vision
  - Thomas says you are generally not supposed to label things
    that will be accessed via screen reader with left, right,
    here, so on because it doesn't really mean anything to those
    users.
  - In CSS classes or other areas not accessed by a screen
    reader, this is okay.
- Tab index convention
  - Seems like the main recommendation is to set everything
    to tabindex 0 (because it defaults to the browser).
  - Does this work for JupyterLab?
  - -1 means you aren't going to see it. For example a is a
    tab and buttons are tabbed, so there is possibility for
    things being tabbed twice. So sometimes -1 is to avoid
    redundancy.
  - Tabs are only for people to jump to those regions. They
    do not define the region or header/hierarchy. But tab puts
    you in those places to then announce the region or header.

### Merged PRs (let's celebrate!)

- Martha merged [lumino #149](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/149)! :tada:
- Max merged [lumino #150](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/150)! :confetti_ball:
- Isabela merged [jupyterlab #9335](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9335)! :sunflower:

### Next steps

- Isabela
  - Propose moving accessibility meeting notes to the
    accessibility repo so they are easier to search.
  - Follow up on test/CI ideas
  - Update accessibility project with merged PRs
  - Start issue for adding accessibility page to docs
  - Add resources to contributing guidelines encouraging people
    to read up on accessibility.
- Thomas
  - Will note the next five steps they recommend focusing on and
    make relevant issues.
- Martha
  - Work on #9622
- Max
  - Review Martha's #149 PR
  - Work on PR for #9491
- Tony
  - Continue on [#9648](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9648)
    reviewing visual impact and with a JupyterLab-style class name.
