## June 14, 2023

### Attendees

| Name | Affiliation | GitHub |
| ---- | ----------- | ------ |
|  tonyfast |  |  @tonyfast |
| T & P | GCHQ | @t03857785 |
| Gabriel | Quansight Labs | @gabalafou |
| Ely | Bloomberg | @ohrely |
| Andrii | AWS | @andrii-i |
| Afshin T. Darian | QuantStack | @afshin |
| Stephannie Jimenez Gacha | Quansight | @steff456
| Mike | Quansight | @krassowski | |
| Tania Allard | Quansight Labs | @trallard | 
| Balaji| UC Berkeley | @balajialg |

### Agenda

* Andrii
    * Thank you everyone for the feedback on https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/6800, really appreciated, helps us prioritize work
        * Next step would be splitting 6800 into separate issues. If someone has bandwidth, help would be much appreciated
        * (Gab) I pretty much volunteered myself to do this in yesterday's triage meeting
* t03857785
    * Thanks for feedback on PRs @fcollonval really helpful, looking at moving [skiplinks](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14597) to a dialog so it takes it out of widget layout any tips concerns would be useful
    * We are going to review and resubmit a couple of our outstanding PRs following some lessons learnt any idea when 4.0.x will be released as we want to do a pass of everything together to find the gaps
    * Initial [400% zoom changes](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14626) are in PR any feedback welcome
      * Tania - we should be able to share some findings on keyboard navigation from some paid user testing sessions Isabela led (with disabled folks) in the upcoming couple of months. Repo with our user-testing env https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/JupyterLab-user-testing

* Gabriel's updates since May 31
    * Reviewed many (but not all) open PRs tagged with accessibility
    * Watched a bunch of [videos to better understand Lumino architecture](https://youtu.be/GCp4lxOblxg)
    * Engaged in discussion with Tony and Darian yesterday during the Rethinking Notebook Cells meeting about making the HTML output of the JupyterLab notebook widget (also used by Notebook 7) more semantic and accessible

Discussion: how do we make a better experience for newcomers?

* (Ely suggestion) A scripted intro to the meeting
  * More structure to the meetings
* (t03857785 feedback) Spending more time creating accessibility issues and marking them as "good first issues"
* (t03857785 feedback) It would be helpful to know how to navigating the code base and knowing what a good change looks like
* add links to beginner resources (and issues) at top of HackMD
  * Link to issues filtered by "accessibility" and "good first issue", rather than maintaining a list
* Exemplary issues - 
  * dialog issue is a good example
* (Tania elaboration) responding to G&T's feeback about navigating the codebase. This has been the hardest and longest part of onboarding developers. Not sure 
* (Ely) drawing attention to comment left by Mike in chat: "Good first issues in lab usually have a link to codebase e.g. https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/14354"
  * Something for us to keep in mind: maybe we don't need to solve the a11y issue in front of us, but to give enough context for somebody else to solve it, and then we move on to work on other, harder issues
  * On context and issues (Mike): this is >relatively< easy to fix for new "good first issues" by modifying triage docs saying that triage team should add the links and context before labelling as "good first issue"
* Discussion around having quarterly workshops
  * Ely suggests making the logistics as automateable as possible, so for example have it be the first Wednesday of each quarter, so that sending out announcements and the like can be automated
  * (Gab) Keep in mind the difference between "recruiting" versus "onboarding" (workshops may address issue of recruiting more than onboarding)
* (Tania) raises point that HackMD is bad for screen reader users. (P&T) echoes point. 
  * Sounds like Google Docs may be better alternative?
  * Tania - I hear Etherpad is a good alternative 
* Meet next week to begin a community proposal for accessibility. 
  * Add an event to the calendar 
  * Announce in the lab meeting
* https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/199
